# Amilan-Ecommerce-System created at My final year at Meru univerisity
<h3>The manual system currently being used in Amilan limited running day to day customer interaction has proven ineffectiveness with low number of sales, too much work load and repeated human error.  In today’s fast-changing business environment, it’s extremely important to be able to respond to client needs in the most effective and timely manner. If your customers wish to see your business online and have instant access to your products or services.  
Online Shopping is a lifestyle e-commerce web application, which retails various fashion and lifestyle products (Currently Agricultural products). This project allows viewing various products available, enables registered users to purchase desired products instantly using Mpesa payment processor (Instant Pay). This project provides an easy access to Administrators and Managers to view orders placed using Instant Pay options.  
In order to develop an e-commerce website, a number of Technologies must be studied and understood. These include multi-tiered architecture, server and client-side scripting techniques, programming language (such as php) and relational databases. This is a project with the objective to develop a basic website where a consumer is provided with a shopping cart application and also to know about the technologies used to develop such an application. 
This document will discuss each of the underlying technologies to create and implement an ecommerce website.</h3>
#Proposed solution
-To develop a web-based system that replaces all Amilan practices into automated Agriculture management system, also design a comment page where a customer can make any comments on the products available, also designing a products kit and provide a concept of virtual agricultural trade to its users.
Software requirements
   Front End Technologies:
This project will use the following front-end technologies:

                                                                HTML 
Hypertext Markup Language (HTML) is a computer language devised which allow website creation. It is the HTML code that provides an overall framework of how the site will look. These websites can then be viewed by anyone else connected to the Internet. 
                                                                JavaScript 
JavaScript is an event-based imperative language that is used to transform a static HTML page into a dynamic interface. Some of the dynamic behavior that can be generated by JavaScript are the following: can change html content; can change html attributes; can change html styles (CSS); and can validate data. 
                                                                 CSS 
Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) is a style sheet language used to describe presentation and layout of HTML tags. It controls the presentation aspect of the site and allows your site to have its own unique look. It does this by maintaining style sheets, which sit on top of other style rules and are triggered based on other inputs, such as device screen size and resolution.
Back End Technologies:
This project will use the following back-end technologies:

                                                                 PHP 
Hypertext Preprocessor (PHP) is a server-side web programming language that can be embedded into HTML. It is used for creating dynamic web pages that interact with the user and can include functionalities such as getting user input, manipulation of the input and storage of this data in a suitable DBMS. PHP is also easy to integrate with web pages.

                                                                MySQL 
MySQL stands for My Structured Query Language. It is an open-source relational database management system (RDBMS). It is non-proprietary, easily extensible and platform independent. It is a popular choice of database for use in web applications. Its downside is that it lacks a graphical user interface; therefore, you need to know how the database works to make the most efficient use of it.

